hello,noun,xin chao
hi,noun,chao
bye,noun,tam biet
apple,noun,qua tao
car,noun,xe hoi
book,noun,sach
computer,noun,may tinh
run,verb,chay
swim,verb,boi
sing,verb,hat
happy,adjective,hanh phuc
big,adjective,lon
small,adjective,nho
table,noun,ban
chair,noun,ghế
student,noun,sinh viên
teacher,noun,gia su
learn,verb,học
write,verb,viet
read,verb,đọc
green,adjective,xanh
blue,adjective,xanh dương
red,adjective,đỏ
yellow,adjective,vàng
city,noun,thanh pho
country,noun,đất nước
ocean,noun,đại dương
mountain,noun,núi
sun,noun,mặt trời
moon,noun,mat trang
water,noun,nước
fire,noun,lửa
earth,noun,đất
wind,noun,gio
flower,noun,hoa
family,noun,gia đình
friend,noun,bạn bè
love,noun,tình yêu
eat,verb,ăn
drink,verb,uống
sleep,verb,ngủ
happy,adjective,hạnh phúc
sad,adjective,buồn
angry,adjective,tức giận
hot,adjective,nong
cold,adjective,lạnh
beautiful,adjective,đẹp
ugly,adjective,xấu
fast,adjective,nhanh
slow,adjective,chậm
old,adjective,già
young,adjective,trẻ
good,adjective,tốt
bad,adjective,xấu
new,adjective,mới
old,adjective,cũ
hard,adjective,khó
easy,adjective,dễ
big,adjective,lớn
small,adjective,nhỏ
happy,adjective,hạnh phúc
sad,adjective,buồn
angry,adjective,tức giận
hot,adjective,nóng
cold,adjective,lạnh
beautiful,adjective,đẹp
ugly,adjective,xấu
fast,adjective,nhanh
slow,adjective,chậm
old,adjective,già
young,adjective,trẻ
good,adjective,tốt
bad,adjective,xấu
new,adjective,mới
old,adjective,cũ
hard,adjective,khó
easy,adjective,dễ
cat,noun,mèo
dog,noun,chó
bird,noun,chim
fish,noun,cá
tree,noun,cây
flower,noun,hoa
house,noun,nhà
school,noun,trường học
book,noun,sách
pen,noun,bút
paper,noun,giấy
desk,noun,bàn
chair,noun,ghế
bed,noun,giường
blanket,noun,chăn
pillow,noun,gối
towel,noun,khăn tắm
soap,noun,xà phòng
shampoo,noun,dầu gội đầu
toothbrush,noun,bàn chải đánh răng
toothpaste,noun,kem đánh răng
comb,noun,lược
brush,noun,bàn chải
mirror,noun,gương
jump,verb,nhảy
run,verb,chạy
walk,verb,đi bộ
swim,verb,bơi
play,verb,chơi
eat,verb,ăn
drink,verb,uống
sleep,verb,ngủ
talk,verb,nói
sing,verb,hát
dance,verb,nhảy
watch,verb,xem
listen,verb,nghe
read,verb,đọc
write,verb,viết
draw,verb,vẽ
paint,verb,sơn
cook,verb,nấu ăn
clean,verb,lao dọn
help,verb,giúp đỡ
big,adjective,lớn
small,adjective,nhỏ
tall,adjective,cao
short,adjective,thấp
fat,adjective,mập
thin,adjective,gầy
strong,adjective,mạnh mẽ
weak,adjective,yếu đuối
smart,adjective,thông minh
dumb,adjective,ngu ngốc
happy,adjective,vui vẻ
sad,adjective,buồn bã
angry,adjective,tức giận
surprised,adjective,bất ngờ
scared,adjective,sợ hãi
tired,adjective,mệt mỏi
hungry,adjective,đói
thirsty,adjective,khát
hot,adjective,nóng
cold,adjective,lạnh
wet,adjective,ướt
dry,adjective,khô
lIght,adjective,nhẹ
heavy,adjective,nặng
very,adverb,rất
much,adverb,nhiều
too much,adverb,quá nhiều
not enough,adverb,không đủ
more,adverb,thêm
less,adverb,ít hơn
almost,adverb,gần như
only,adverb,chỉ
always,adverb,luôn luôn
never,adverb,không bao giờ
sometimes,adverb,có lúc
often,adverb,thường xuyên
rarely,adverb,rất hiếm khi
usually,adverb,thường thường